Add manylinux2014 x86_64/i686 support (#215)
joerick/cibuildwheel: docs/options.md

Beware to specify a valid Docker image that can be used in the same way as the official, default Docker images: all necessary Python and pip versions need to be present in `/opt/python/`, and the `auditwheel` tool needs to be present for `cibuildwheel` to work. Apart from that, the architecture and relevant shared system libraries need to be manylinux1-, manylinux2010- or manylinux2014-compatible in order to produce valid `manylinux1`/`manylinux2010`/`manylinux2014` wheels (see https://github.com/pypa/manylinux, [PEP 513](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0513/), [PEP 571](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0571/ and [PEP 599](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0599/) for more details).

Note that `auditwheel` detects the version of the `manylinux` standard in the Docker image through the `AUDITWHEEL_PLAT` environment variable, as `cibuildwheel` has no way of detecting the correct `--plat` command line argument to pass to `auditwheel` for a custom image. If a Docker image does not correctly set this `AUDITWHEEL_PLAT` environment variable, the `CIBW_ENVIRONMENT` option can be used to do so (e.g., `CIBW_ENVIRONMENT="manylinux2010_$(uname -m)"`).

> Note that `manylinux2014` doesn't provide any python 2.7 implementation and shall be used together with `CIBW_SKIP` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `manylinux2014` doesn't support builds with Python 2.7 - when building with `manylinux2014`, skip Python 2.7 using `CIBW_SKIP` (see example below).
```
